feat(group-treatment-event): add group treatment event documentation (#18)
Pure-Farming/Documentation: docs/resource-types/livestock/treatments/group-treament-event.md

| **Responsible**              | Use if an observation is manually recorded, or an event is carried out or authorised by a person                          | String                                                |
| **Trait Label**              | Represents a formal trait, identifies the recording system and trait                                                      | [Identifier](/resource-types/common.md#identifier)    |
| **Remark**                   | A comment or remark field for additional user-specified information about the event                                       | String                                                |
| **Contemporary Group**       | A contemporary group code that would affect statistical analysis                                                          | String                                                |
| **Count Observed**           | The number of animals observed in the event                                                                             | Number                                                |

> | **Group Method**             | Indicates whether the event references an existing animal set, has an embedded animal set, or an inventory classification | Enumeration                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Group Method**             | Indicates whether the event references an existing animal set, has an embedded animal set, an inventory classification or both an inventory classification and animal set | Enumeration                                           |
```

  "id": "string",
  "name": "string",
  "purpose": "string",
  "member": [{...}]
}
```

| Response Item     | Description                                                                                 | Data Type                                                    |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Resource Type** | The fixed discriminator for the Animal Group resource type.<br>Value: /livestock/animal-set | String                                                       |
| **Id**            | Unique identifier in the source system for this animal set                                  | UUID                                                         |
| **Name**          | Human readable name of the set                                                              | String                                                       |
| **Purpose**       | Purpose of the animal set                                                                   | Enumeration                                                  |

> | **Member**        | Identifies an animal using a scheme and ID                                                  | Array of [Identifiers](/resource-types/common.md#identifier) |

Reviewer: I think we might end up moving this to a standalone thing, but could be ok for now. As it needs to be referenced by any other group events/data

---
title: Group Treatment Event
menu_order: 1
post_status: publish
post_excerpt: Livestock - Group Treatment Event
taxonomy:
  category:
    - api
    - data
  post_tag:
    - api
---

# Resource Type: Livestock - Group Treatment Event

- [URLs](#urls)
- [Response Structure](#response-structure)

---

## URLs

> Get all group greatment gvent that you have access to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Get all group treatment events that you have access to
```

```
GET /data/livestock/treatments/group-events
```

Get a single group treatment event

```
GET /data/livestock/treatments/group-events/{TreatmentId}
```

> Get all group treatment event associated with a holding

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Get all group treatment events associated with a holding
```

```
GET ​/data/holdings/{holdingId}/livestock/treatments/group-events
```

Get a single group treatment event associated with a holding

```
GET /data/holdings/{holdingId}/livestock/treatments/group-events/{treatmentId}
```

---

## Response Structure

> A call to the group treatment event endpoints returns the following fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A call to the group treatment event endpoints returns the following fields:
```

| **Resource Type**            | The fixed discriminator for the Animal Group resource type.<br/>Value: /livestock/treatment/group-treatment-event         | String                                                |
| **Self**                     | A link to this specific Group Treatment Event                                                                             | URI                                                   |
| **Id**                       | The Pure Farming Id of this Group Treatment Event                                                                         | UUID                                                  |
| **Location**                 | An identifier for the location of the Group Treatment Event                                                               | [Identifier](/resource-types/common.md#identifier)    |
| **Meta**                     | Meta data for the resource                                                                                                | [Metadata](/resource-types/common.md#metadata)        |

> | **Event Date Time**          | A particular point in the progression of time                                                                             | Date/Time                                             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Event Date Time**          | The time the event occurred                                                                                                | Datetime                                              |
```

| **Responsible**              | Use if an observation is manually recorded, or an event is carried out or authorised by a person                          | String                                                |
| **Trait Label**              | Represents a formal trait, identifies the recording system and trait                                                      | [Identifier](/resource-types/common.md#identifier)    |
| **Remark**                   | A comment or remark field for additional user-specified information about the event                                       | String                                                |
| **Contemporary Group**       | A contemporary group code that would affect statistical analysis                                                          | String                                                |

> | **Count Observed**           | Summarises the number of animals observed in the event                                                                    | Number                                                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Count Observed**           | The number of animals observed in the event                                                                             | Number                                                |
```

| **Positions**                | The possible positions for treatment or diagnosis                                                                         | Array of Enumeration                                  |
| **Withdrawals**              | Withholding details for the treatment administered                                                                        | [Withdrawals](#withdrawals)                           |
| **Batches**                  | Batches and expiry details for the medicine administered                                                                  | [Batches](#batches)                                   |
| **Dose Per Animal**          | The actual or average medicine dose administered per animal                                                               | [Dose per Animal](#dose-per-animal)                   |
| **Total Medicine Used**      | The total amount of medicine used                                                                                         | [Medicine Used](#medicine-used)                       |

---

### Embedded Animal Set

> Embedded animal set in Group Treatment Event are...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An embedded animal set is a set of animals embedded in a specific group treatment event.
```

| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| **Resource Type** | The fixed discriminator for the Animal Group resource type.<br>Value: /livestock/animal-set | String                                                       |
| **Id**            | Unique identifier in the source system for this animal set                                  | UUID                                                         |
| **Name**          | Human readable name of the set                                                              | String                                                       |
| **Purpose**       | Purpose of the animal set                                                                   | Enumeration                                                  |
| **Member**        | Identifies an animal using a scheme and ID                                                  | Array of [Identifiers](/resource-types/common.md#identifier) |

---

### Inventory Classification

> Inventory classification in Group Treatment Event are...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Inventory classifications describe the group of animals by their characteristics rather than animal identifiers
```

| **Species**             | The species of animals                                                 | Enumeration                                        |
| **Sex**                 | The sex of animals                                                     | Enumeration                                        |
| **Primary Breed**       | Primary breed defined using an identifier and scheme                   | [Identifier](/resource-types/common.md#identifier) |
| **Birth Period**        | The range of birth dates                                               | String                                             |
| **Reproductive Status** | The reproductive/pregnancy status of animals                           | Enumeration                                        |
| **Lactation Status**    | The lactation status of animals                                        | Enumeration                                        |
| **Production Purposes** | Defines the primary product that for which this animal is bred or kept | Array of Enumeration                               |

---

### Medicine

> Medicine in Group Treatment Event are...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The medication used for treatment of the animals
```

| **Identifier**            | Identifies a resource                                                                                                           | [Identifier](/resource-types/common.md#identifier)          |
| **Name**                  | Name of the medicine or remedy given for this treatment                                                                         | String                                                      |
| **Registered Identifier** | Identifies a medicine registraton with a national Scheme and a registered ID within that scheme                                 | Array of [Identifier](/resource-types/common.md#identifier) |
| **Approved**              | An indicator whether the medicine or remedy is an approved medicine                                                             | String                                                      |
| **Reltype**               | Defines the relationship between the current resource and the referenced resource. Defined in well-known/relationshipCatalog.md | String                                                      |

> | **Href**                  | Where provided, this is the URI to the referenced resource                                                                      | URI                                                         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Href**                  | Where provided, this is the URI to the medication information page                                                              | URI                                                         |
```

---

### Withdrawals

> Withdrawals in Group Treatment Event are...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Withholding details for the treatment administered
```

```json
[
  {
    "productType": "string",
    "endDate": "2022-10-31T17:06:00.000Z",
    "market": "string"
  }
]
```

| Response Item    | Description                                                                                             | Data Type   |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| **Product Type** | Product or food item affected by this withdrawal                                                        | Enumeration |

> | **End Date**     | A particular point in the progression of time                                                           | Date/Time   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **End Date**     | The end date for this withholding period                                                               | Datetime    |
```

| **Market**       | The market to which the withdrawal applies, using a scheme such as au.gov.apvma.esi or au.gov.apvma.whp | String      |

---

### Batches

> Batches in Group Treatment Event are...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Batches and expiry details for the medicine administered
```

```json
[
  {
    "identifier": "string",
    "expiryDate": "2024-06-16T00:00:00.000Z"
  }
]
```

| Response Item   | Description                                   | Data Type |
| --------------- | --------------------------------------------- | --------- |
| **Identifier**  | The ID, batch or lot number                   | String    |

> | **Expiry Date** | A particular point in the progression of time | Date/Time |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **Expiry Date** | The expiry date of the medication             | Datetime  |
```

---

> ### Dose per Animal

Reviewer 2: Just have one `Dosage` object that is used for both
* Dose Per Animal
* Medicine Used

You'll need to:
- Update this section to be "Dosage"
- Update the references on line 102+103
